Add docs for bootstrapping feature flags & cohort expansion (#4175)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/docs/integrate/client/js/index.mdx

posthog.isFeatureEnabled('keyword', { send_event: false })
```

#### Bootstrapping Flags

> There is a delay between the library being loaded and feature flags becoming available to use. For some cases, like redirecting users to a different page based on a feature flag, this is extremely detrimental, as the flags load after the redirect logic occurs, thus never working.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is a delay between loading the library and feature flags becoming available to use. For some cases, like redirecting users to a different page based on a feature flag, this is extremely detrimental, as the flags load after the redirect logic occurs, thus never working.
```

In cases like these, where you want flags to be immediately available on page load, you can use the bootstrap library option.

This allows you to pass in a distinctID and feature flags during library initialisation, like so:

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
